LOG.md, before:

# Development Log

## Initial Commit Notes:
- Command Code Simulator added by Eddie and Eric
- Turning logic added by Eric
- Moving(Go) logic added by Eddie 

## Feb 10 Update Notes (by Eddie):
- FPV added
- Minor UI changes

## Feb 11 Update Notes:
- FPV UI updated by Eddie
- Command Input UI added by Eddie
- Voice Recognizer and Command Classifier added by Davic
- Voice Recognizer and Command Classifier connected to FPV UI by David and Eddie

## Feb 13 Update Notes (by Eric, committed with Feb 14 update by Eddie):
- Turing bug fixed

## Feb 14 Update Notes (by Eddie):
- Command Interpreter reconstructed
- mFlightController==null bug fixed
- Moving(Go) bug fixed (goto step crashed after completion for unknown reason, but the app is recoverable right now)
- Flight Control logic optimized
- Stop function added
- FPV UI, Flight Control module, and Command Recognition module interconnected

## Feb 21 Update Notes (by Eddie):
- Google Map initials

## Feb 23 Update Notes (by Eddie):
- Added the tracking of user's and drone's location on Google Map

## Feb 25 Update Notes (by Eddie):
- Map UI changed
- Switch map and fpv on click

## Feb 26 Update Notes:
- Different google map tracking modes added by Eddie

## Feb XX Update Notes (by XXXX):
- ALWAYS update this log when changes are made!!!

Commit message:

fix execute former command by text mod v2

LOG.md, after:

# Development Log

## Initial Commit Notes:
- Command Code Simulator added by Eddie and Eric
- Turning logic added by Eric
- Moving(Go) logic added by Eddie 

## Feb 10 Update Notes (by Eddie):
- FPV added
- Minor UI changes

## Feb 11 Update Notes:
- FPV UI updated by Eddie
- Command Input UI added by Eddie
- Voice Recognizer and Command Classifier added by Davic
- Voice Recognizer and Command Classifier connected to FPV UI by David and Eddie

## Feb 13 Update Notes (by Eric, committed with Feb 14 update by Eddie):
- Turing bug fixed

## Feb 14 Update Notes (by Eddie):
- Command Interpreter reconstructed
- mFlightController==null bug fixed
- Moving(Go) bug fixed (goto step crashed after completion for unknown reason, but the app is recoverable right now)
- Flight Control logic optimized
- Stop function added
- FPV UI, Flight Control module, and Command Recognition module interconnected

## Feb 21 Update Notes (by Eddie):
- Google Map initials

## Feb 23 Update Notes (by Eddie):
- Added the tracking of user's and drone's location on Google Map

## Feb 25 Update Notes (by Eddie):
- Map UI changed
- Switch map and fpv on click

## Feb 26 Update Notes:
- Different google map tracking modes added by Eddie
- Fixed execute former command error in text mod by David

## Feb XX Update Notes (by XXXX):
- ALWAYS update this log when changes are made!!!
